[Music]
Rosie tell me why you love Australia so
much and how long you've been here
I've been here 40 odd years and I love
the lifestyle of Australia and I think
the country is a wonderful place to have
the privilege to live in and you moved
over from Florida moon from Florida how
many children did you bring 37 seven
children and what were your reasons for
leaving Florida oh we could see the drug
problem coming into Florida when your
kids find a a barrel of marijuana
floating by as they go fishing that's
pretty good reason to live Lee yeah and
you've lived in a few places in
Australia so tell me about that Sunshine
Coast for about 12 years Gold Coast for
about 12 years cans for five years
Brisbane one year in here 10 years yeah
yeah and this is your paradise then you
found your little spot here at teen
combo oh yeah yeah it's a beautiful spot
and why'd you love it so much well
because you can take bicycle rides trail
walks you safe at night you can walk
around at night you can go fishing
sailing well I teach disabled people
sailing and the Yacht Club I practically
live there I'm the gardener there and in
the whole lifestyle is just absolutely
wonderful and I don't regret moving here
and now my seven kids have turned into a
huge family how many grandchildren about
15 grandchildren Wow and a few
great-grandchildren and yeah it's a nice
place last laugh and do children all
still live nearby from the Gold Coast to
McCoy oh so I can get a scope of holiday
places absolutely yeah got that on you
about much I sure try and I work on it a
lot maintain it this keeps you fit and
healthy it does nothing it keeps you
young
nothing will ever keep you young but you
can be as young and fit as you're going
to ever be
and we swim and yeah it's lovely I spent
five days up the Straits recently and
it's just absolutely magic yeah
absolutely dolphins every day out there
yeah the dolphins and the dugongs and
turtles and stingrays and manta rays and
you name it and I know people think
you're nuts when you say talk to them
but if you see a stingray that big and
he comes by your boat you can sit there
and have a conversation one spit one
sided but they'll stay there as long as
you talk to him yeah it's quite amazing
and I've seen the dugongs do their
mating dance and yeah it's pretty
special yeah all we get a bit of win
sometimes and storms like anywhere else
I protected well this straight yeah
we're we're pretty protecting we
friendly until it exceeds in the dolphin
but we tell people when they come to
tin-can and they say oh maybe I'll move
yours oh no it's a terrible place don't
move to take care especially developers
yeah yeah cuz it's magic as it is
[Music]